### PART 2

**Describe a city where you'd like to stay for a short time.**
- **What city is**
- **Who you will go there with**
- **What you will do there**
- **Why you will stay there only for a short time**

#### what city is:
Hmm, well, I would like to go to a city with a cooler temperature and rainy weather. For this reason, I would choose Gorgan among other cities because one of my best friends lives there, so in addition to refreshing my soul and brain, I can visit my family too.

#### who you will go there with
I would definitely choose my partner because I'm sure we will create a lot of long-lasting memories together. She is a talkative person. Therefore, I won't be bored at all. We also get along easily, so discrepancies will be kept at a minimum.

#### What you will do there
My favorite thing would be going around the city and setting up a camp near the mountains. I would prefer to spend my time in our tent in an open space. I guess we will prepare a fire and then make some tea with it. Additionally, engaging in some focus exercises would be lovely amidst that atmosphere, like yoga. Hiking would be another choice as it will give us an opportunity to see breathtaking and stunning landscapes.

#### Why you will stay there only for a short time
Well, the reason for that is the level of moisture in the air is high. Therefore, it becomes annoying for you to bear that after a while. However, it would be a good choice for short time residency if you want to boost your mood and increase your mental health, as you can bond with nature again and escape from the hustle and bustle of urban life.

### PART 3

#### 1. Why is noise pollution worse in tourism cities than in other cities?
Well, actually, I don't have precise information about the reasons for this phenomenon. However, I can make some assumptions about it. The most important thing that comes to my mind is having more population in comparison to other cities. As a matter of fact, cities with tourism appealings have a better economic situation and income for people would be high. As a result of that, more people will have the tendency to live in these cities. So as you may know, there is a direct relation between the amount of population and the noise pollution in the city.

#### 2. Do most people like planned traveling?
Well, actually, I can't answer this question precisely. However, I guess most people prefer planned traveling as they would know what they're going to do and when they're going to do it. As a result of that, they can be relaxed and not worried about making decisions without thorough thinking. Additionally, traveling with a plan can save you time and energy as you will spend time finding appropriate accommodation and transportation in converse to last-minute booking.

#### 3. Why are historical cities popular?
Well, I guess the main reason is that they have the heritage of past generations in them. They offer a glimpse into the past and the opportunity to learn about the history and culture of a particular place. Generally, these cities have well-preserved historical landmarks and architecture, such as castles, churches, and ancient ruins, which can be exciting and educational to people. Besides that, often you can find captivating and old markets in such cities, which can offer handcrafted souvenirs.

#### 4. Why do people go to other cities?
Well, there are different reasons for traveling of people. To begin with, in my opinion, most people travel to see famous tourist attractions, such as landmarks, museums, and cultural events. In addition to that, sometimes people go to other cities just for relaxation and to escape from the hustle and bustle of urban life. Another pertinent point is they go to other cities to visit their relatives or friend or even participate in educational or work events. In conclusion, there are various reasons for this phenomenon.

#### 5. Do you think tourists may come across bad things in other cities?
Yes, I definitely think tourists can encounter bad things like scams or pickpocketing when they're visiting the city. Besides that, sometimes tourists may offend local customs or traditions due to a lack of understanding of the culture of local people. For instance, they may wear inappropriate clothes or behave in a way that is considered rude or disrespectful. Moreover, sometimes tourists are not able to communicate effectively with local individuals, and this situation can lead to awkward results as they may need some help, but they can't express them clearly.